# Minutes for Group Project
Date of meeting: **2013-10-17**

## Attendees
### Present
* Ashley ``ays8``
* Ben ``bar5``
* Chris ``che16``
* Dillon ``dic6``
* James ``jaw57`` *chair*
* Jostein ``jok13``
* Luke ``luh11``

### Apologies
* Douglas ``dog2``

## Actions from last meeting
* **All** to read requirements.
* **Chris** and **Luke** went to the Android meeting; however this did not go well.
* **Douglas** investigated GitHub and sent a link to us all.

## Agenda
### Roles
* Leader to be taken by **James**; deputy of **Dillon**.
* QA Manager to be **Ben**; **Jostein** and **James** to be members of the QA team.
* Tech team to be **Luke** and **Chris**
* Other roles to be decided in next meeting at 1pm on Monday in the Union.


### Approach to Deadline 1
* *Deadline is 2013-11-01*
* **James** is to set tasks to people for each part to outline the structure of the project.
* Somebody needs to ask Chris Price about an example for the plan.
* **James** and **Dillon** are to do the Gantt char.
* Testing team (**Jostein** and **James**) need to carry out a risk analysis.
* Documentation is to be done by **Jostein**, **James** and **Dillon**.
* **Ben** and **Douglas** to do use-case diagrams (following email to Douglas)
* **Everybody** to take part in the user interface; this to be managed by **Chris** and **Luke**.

* Next meeting for *all* to attend on 2013-10-21 at 1pm; email **James** or **Dillon** if unable to  attend. To be chaired by **James**.

## Actions for next meeting
* **Tech team** to find out more about Android
* **QA team** needs to find out as much about Github as possible.
* **All** to keep track of the hours worked and forward to **James** who will forward these to Lynda.


