# Minutes for Group Project
Date of meeting: **2013-10-13**

## Attendees
### Present
* Ashley ``ays8``
* Ben ``bar5``
* Chris ``che16``
* Dillon ``dic6``
* Douglas ``dog2``
* James ``jaw57`` *chair*
* Jostein ``jok13``
* Luke ``luh11``
* *Lynda ``lht``*

### Apologies
* Douglas ``dog2``

## Actions from last meeting
* *Not applicable; no previous meeting*

## Motions
* Alternative time slot set to Wednesday at 5pm.
* Communication to take place informally via the email group.
* Went through strengths, weaknesses and experience of group
  * Nice spread of skills; some not confident in coding, some not in documentation
  * Think about leadership
* Discussed deadlines:
  * Plan: week of Oct 28
  * Test spec: week of Nov 11
  * Design: week of Dec 2
  * Prototype demo: Dec 9
  * Coding week Jan 20-24
* Discussed outline for project plan

## Actions for next meeting
* **All** to read requirements and have a rough outline of navigation
* **Chris** and **Luke** to attend Android meeting and look into it
* **Douglas** to investigate Github and send link to all
