# Minutes for Group Project
Date of meeting: **2013-10-13**

## Attendees
*To be completed by minute taker*

## Actions
* Ashley and Joestein shall meet with Chris and Luke to discuss component and sequence diagrams.
* Chris shall investigate sequence diagrams further.
* James shall email Bernie for further clarification on the sequence diagrams.
* James shall see what rooms are available in the comp sci building.
* Dillon will write up the introduction and for the design spec
* Doug will write-up a description of structures and database
* Luke to write psuedo code for Chris' prototype and also a write up of interface descriptions

## Next meeting
**Monday, time and room TBC**
