					Group Project			
					Weekly Project Meeting
					30/10/13 C65

Present - 	Ben 
	  	Jostein
	  	Dillon
		Chris
		Ashley
		Luke
		James
		Jostein

Minutes - Ben produced on 2/11/13 version 3.0
Chair - James

MATTERS ARISING-

1.	GIT training went well, people who went feel capable to use GitHub.

2. 	Hours are being kept up to date and people are sending their hours to James, hours are being done.

3.	FEEDBACK - Use case diagrams - should the server be on there as a user? Also should the phone be
	on as a user? These might need to be moved around. Also functional requirements may be needed.

	3.1	Gantt chart - needs to be broken down more. If there is not enough space then we can put the teams
		down on there so its clear who will be doing what. 

	3.2	User Interface Design - put functional requirements on there too.

	3.3	Risk Analysis was good.

	3.4	See attached .png file for the Architecture diagram example.

NEW BUSINESS - 

1.	QA team to collate the documents into the final copy for hand in on the 7th November.

A.O.B

All work for the group project must be submitted via Blackboard. 

Once completed - check functional requirements and make sure they link up to the documents we have in the spec.Point
these links out in the documentation. Once work is submitted you cannot change it, Bernie will give us feedback
followed by a letter grade for each hand in.

NEXT MEETING - to be confirmed via email

CHAIR OF NEXT MEETING - James


